this is a rock on celestial delay
demonstration
you
the rock on has three votes across the
top the first one is the volume what the
volume does that's this one here that's
the volume of the mix this one here is a
regenerate what to regenerate is it's
the echo repeat this one here is the
time that's the delay time it has
another button at the bottom it you can
have it 1x or 2x what that will do is
just repeat double the double the mix
that you have right now this one over
here is the fast or slow okay depend on
which one you want let me just go ahead
and demonstrate some more stuff I'm
going to take the volume now there it's
off any creasing but I'm still adjusting
personal folium of the myths
I can info matter I have it said about
women next one is to regenerate the
regenerate itself is the echo EP you get
down to one good I wonder me we just
keep going up telugu
I have it set somewhere around nine
o'clock the next one is the time that's
the delay time you can increase the
delay time or you let are decreasing its
lower I have that sit somewhere around
ten o'clock that's it thank you for
listening